[Music]
this could save your life
11 survival tips from a former secret
agent it's always fascinating to see how
easily CIA agents and movies can survive
any extreme situation well they're even
cooler and more resilient in real life
do you want to find out some of their
tricks of the trade then get ready
because a former secret agent is sharing
his advice on how to get through any
critical situation but before we start
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on notifications so you'll be
the first to know about our new videos
counting down from number eleven a car
crash car crash statistics are
devastating in 2016 alone they claimed
over 40,000 lives so even if you're the
safest driver ever it wouldn't hurt to
know what to do in case of an accident
when you're driving you should keep your
hands at nine and three not ten and two
as they used to say your thumb should
always be on the outer edge of the wheel
if any of your fingers are on the inside
of the steering wheel you have a higher
chance of breaking them crossing your
arms isn't advisable either if you crash
you can brake not only your wrists but
your forearms as well if you're a
passenger in the back seat you also have
certain rules to follow during a
collision put your hands on the back of
your head press your forehead against
the seat in front of you and keep your
knees bent at a 90 degree angle this
position will minimize your chances of
being injured number 10 a dog attack
unfortunately dog attacks are also quite
common these days and for this
particular reason you should be prepared
beforehand a mixture of water and
ammonia is one of the best ways to scare
away aggressive dogs most importantly
ammonia won't harm the animals
whatsoever
it'll just scare them off the second
possible option is using a can of
pressurized air like the sprayable air
dusters for cleaning keyboards a strong
blow of cold air into the nose will
disorient even the most hostile dots and
finally the most effective choice is
pepper spray or another animals urine
and if it gets really scary
I'll probably use my own now the pepper
spray will scare the dog away well the
urine will keep the dog from following
you since dogs take it as a sign of
someone else's territory that's right
that's my hood man you keep out number 9
knocking the door down in case of fire
if you ever find yourself in a burning
building there's a chance that you'll
need to knock the door down to escape or
help others and the way you see it done
in the movies couldn't be more wrong
running towards it and throwing your
whole body against it can leave you with
a dislocated shoulder or even broken
bones in reality it's so much easier
just kick the doors lock with your heel
and try to use all your weight to do it
your other heel should be planted firmly
on the floor a precise and powerful
enough kick will knock out any lock and
thus will open any door even if it
usually opens from the other side number
8 barricading a door you never think
about learning how to barricade a door
properly until you actually need it well
there are some techniques on how to do
it more effectively first of all you can
put rubber door stops all around the
doors crevices that will make it way
harder to break it a mop or a chair put
under the door handle can also keep the
bad guys out but don't forget that you
also need some kind of support on the
floor
so the mop won't slip or you could
always do it like in the movies just put
a bunch of heavy objects in front of the
door
this way the attacker has to not only
get the door open but also get past all
the barricading objects number seven a
shooting we see them all the time on the
big screen unfortunately we also see a
lot of them in real life in the moment
panic often takes over but try to
suppress it and follow some important
rules to protect yourself during a
shooting you need to find a good cover a
solid table with a granite surface would
be a great choice way better than an
armchair or a couch if you're outside a
really good cover is big heavy
flowerpots trash cans on the other side
aren't a good option if you're hiding
behind a car hide behind the front part
of it rather than the back and most
importantly remember that things like
clipboards and hardcover books can't
stop bullets so you can use them as a
bulletproof vest my choice here to hide
behind would be a tank number 6 being at
gunpoint if you've got a gun pointed at
you it's best to behave extremely
carefully to minimize any risks of
getting seriously hurt but if you do
decide to act boldly the only tactic is
to disarm the attacker if somebody is
pointing a gun at your back and has
ordered you to walk ahead raise your
arms and slow down so that the gun is
pressed right up against your back then
turn around quickly bring one arm down
so that it traps the gun under your
armpit and use the other arm to attack
the gunman this all of course should
happen really fast decidedly and
accurately otherwise it could end very
bad so think twice before actually using
this tactic
number five an explosion now if a
serious explosion is about to go off
your action should be quick and precise
finding refuge is the most important
thing it's even better if this cover is
made of natural materials like a brick
or wood with fence if there's literally
nowhere to hide lie on the ground with
your face down cross your legs open your
mouth and cover your ears with your
hands all this won't allow the blast and
sound waves to seriously damage your
health and sensory organs number four
being locked in the trunk of your car
boy it's not your day is it kidnappers
and movies always put their victims in
the trunk of a car to transport them
somewhere again this often happens the
same way in real life too so how can you
get out most newer model cars have an
emergency pull located on the inside of
the truck all you have to do is find it
and the trunk will pop open
if the car is older you can try to open
the trunks lock latch another option is
to try to escape through the folding
back seat and finally try to knock out
one of the taillights from the inside
and signal for help
chances are that other drivers will
notice number three if your hands and
feet are tied together well the
situation seems impossible to escape but
don't worry there is a way and it's not
that hard at all first and foremost you
have to get your legs free to do that
stand up straight and point your toes
out to make a V with your feet then jump
up and as you land spread your knees
really fast this will instantly tear
through duct tape now for your arms if
your hands are tied behind your back you
need to get them in front of you however
you can do that
once that's done press them tightly
together and then quickly pull them
apart
there you're as free as a bird number
two being in water with your hands and
feet tied well let's take that previous
one to the next level what if you're
thrown in the water with your legs and
feet bound no ideas yeah that's okay
here's what you should do the most
important thing is correct breathing
don't panic take deep breaths in and
quick breaths out if the water isn't
that deep try to make it to the shore by
doing little jumps if you're swimming on
your belly move by bending your knees
straightening them back again and
keeping your back arch so that your head
stays above water in raging waters
rolling around on your back will give
you a quick breath and allow you to take
deep breaths as you continue moving
towards the shore and number one making
a shelter in deep snow everybody
remembers the movie the revenant
Leonardo DiCaprio's character had to
survive a lot of crazy scenarios and the
bitter cold was one of them so what do
you do if you're out hiking when a
serious snow storm hits and there's no
shelter in sight well if the snow on the
ground is really thick and you see a
couple of evergreen trees nearby then
you've found the perfect place to build
yourself a refuge to wait out the storm
and warm up a bit find the thickest
evergreen tree with low-hanging branches
and dig a hole in the snow along the
tree trunk the deeper the hole the
better then pack the snow on the walls
of your hideaway as densely as you can
put some of the tree's branches on the
ground to make yourself a place to sleep
just don't expect any Oscars for your
awesome survival skills
bonus secret agent must-haves well how
about a little bonus info who would want
to know what special agents carry in
their bags all of them obviously carry
things that will help them survive in
any situation so it's definitely some
advice worth taking so let's have a
little peek inside mm-hmm some of the
most popular contents and special agents
bags include a key to handcuffs well
that's handy a flashlight a pen a
compass a jet pack
no not really a razor blade a
pocketknife a mouth guard and some lock
picks and each one is an absolute
must-have for example a mouth guard can
protect your teeth during a collision
and a pocket knife is universally handy
in all kinds of situations whether it's
for protection or survival nice set
can anyone say Christmas presents so
which one of these tips did you find the
most useful tell us in the comment
section below and don't forget to share
this video with your friends and family
so they can survive these situations to
remember life is better on the bright
side so subscribe and stick around stay
safe and we'll see you soon